allocate 11 major muscle groups in
body and I will now very quickly list
all of them I will not be too much time
give a name to specific muscles
however i would like you to get
idea of ​​where they are located
in the body and so the arm is the leg and the body i will write down
this is here
so 11 groups, these three, that is, four
in the hand 3 in the leg and 4 in the body
know where these muscles are very
important because whenever you
go to the gym or do
load somewhere else is very important
stretch these muscle groups
and also it is important to dwell on each of
them and understand which ones are weak or
strong and try to develop those who
not balanced
so the left and right sides are different
by its strength and therefore very important
understand where they are and now
we will go through them very quickly
so let's look at the beginning of the hand in
early we have forearm and you can
to see him best from the front and from above
from him is biceps muscle
about here it is yours
biceps muscle and behind biceps muscle
actually on the other side
the triceps muscle is located here
she she 2 chapters and triceps muscles
located shoulder muscle draw it
here
you can see it from the front as well
it's just easier for me to draw in the back
here and so here are our four arm muscles a
now let's go down to the foot i
let's mark the quadriceps here
our quadriceps is called
4 chapters because it consists of
four separate muscles working
together and behind the quadriceps
on the other side the quadriceps
located biceps thigh muscle here
this is your biceps thigh
I want to highlight the biceps muscle
hips because she performs great
work and a lot of people forget it
stretch and you may experience
severe pain if you are not enough
sprained biceps muscle below
calf muscles are located
That's how they look calf muscles
located on the opposite side
shin bones
more tibia and fibula
bones
that's why on your front
shins you only have a bone while
there are a lot of muscles behind you
there are three muscles of the lower limb
and now let's consider the muscles
hulls and so here you have let's
first consider the front department and so
here in the place where people
they say they need cubes here
the anterior abdominal muscles are located
walls is a very important muscle group
she is involved in lifting torso a higher
chest is located here this
rib cage
shade it
two muscles and similarly back also
there are two muscles and these muscles are on the back
let me paint them yellow
are called trapezius muscles
and the trapezium is shaped like
flipped diamond something like
this she helps us to keep the neck and
upper back and then like
you have two wings
muscle or one muscle consisting of two
parts
called the latissimus dorsi she
is a large wide muscle
I will not portray her entirely as she
would spread over the whole area
your back and this is the main muscle of your
backs
so when people say they pulled
back very often when it comes to
lower back they mean
the broadest muscle of the back and so we
now shows the four muscles of the body
if we count all together we
get 11 muscle groups and so that
repeat let's go over once again
him very quickly so you have
shoulder muscle biceps muscle
forearm and triceps muscle in the leg
we have quadriceps
biceps thigh and calf muscles
in the body of our body we have
muscles of the anterior abdominal wall of the chest
upper back cells
trapezius muscle and lower division
back and latissimus dorsi
11 muscle groups